Person 1
Who you are: I am a 28-year-old woman living in Massachusetts.
What you are like: I'm neurotic and eccentric but good at heart.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am obsessed with rabbits and love technology.
 
Person 2
Who you are: I am dedicated and persistent and willing to go the extra mile
What you are like: i'm fun loving and like to make people laugh by telling jokes and making light of situations
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am insightful and am able to fit together pieces to understand the big picture
 
Person 3
Who you are: I am a feminist, a student, and a homosexual.
What you are like: I am kind, nurturing, caring, and genuine.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My honesty, my loyalty, and my generosity make me me.
 
Person 4
Who you are: I'm an immigrant who became a citizen of the United States. I'm an American.
What you are like: I can be stubborn and stand-offish, but I still care very much about my friends and family. I'm a nerd about movies/tvshows/books. I love video games and prefer to stay home.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I'm introverted, so I need time alone to recharge and recalibrate.
 
Person 5
Who you are: I'm a boring person
What you are like: I'm quiet and introspective.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I have deep wells of sorrow.
 
Person 6
Who you are: I am a girl who lives in New York City in my twenties who is incredibly close with my family.
What you are like: I am very social and outgoing.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am outgoing and care tremendously about my friends.
 
Person 7
Who you are: I am a mom of 3
What you are like: I like R &B Music, Japanese Food, Pizza
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am sympathetic.
 
Person 8
Who you are: I am a licensed counselor.
What you are like: I'm silly and funny.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I'm fun and sarcastic a lot of the time.
 
Person 9
Who you are: I'm Jim, a 53 year old american man
What you are like: I'm forceful, happy, calm and occasionally grumpy with a touch of sarcasm.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I'm a drivan dominant at work and play. My wife is essential to my life. I'd be lost without her grounding me.
 
Person 10
Who you are: I'm a fat, biracial bisexual woman.
What you are like: I'm a funny depressive--aren't all depressives a riot?
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I'm a boring drudge, not glamorous or fancy, but fairly dependable.
 
Person 11
Who you are: I am an adventurous geeky skydiver
What you are like: I am fun-loving and love life.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am intelligent and caring.
 
Person 12
Who you are: I am a person who believes that honesty and integrity is very important in today's society and world.
What you are like: I am a person who is warm and sensitive to the feelings of others.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I see myself as one who you can count when the chips are down.
 
Person 13
Who you are: I am shy from those whom I don't know yet energetic and caring to those whom I do know.
What you are like: I am a very happy and appreciate all life equally.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: God is an important part of who I am. He allows me to me loving to all creatures no matter how small.
 
Person 14
Who you are: I am a human
What you are like: I am curious and interested in urbanity
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My passion for cities and culture
 
Person 15
Who you are: I am a musician
What you are like: i am very laidback, easy going and unbrainwashed.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Making music makes me tick.
 
Person 16
Who you are: I am a middle aged woman.
What you are like: I am easy-going, caring, and nurturing.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My essence is that I care a great deal about others to the point that I don't take care of myself.
 
Person 17
Who you are: A male human being with a kind and loving personality.
What you are like: Video Games and food
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Humble, Kind, Loving
 
Person 18
Who you are: I am a mother, wife, and friend
What you are like: I am like the shoulder you can cry on, or a listening ear.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My family makes me me!
 
Person 19
Who you are: I am an "older" adult who is finally understanding what is important and not important in this life.
What you are like: I am an outgoing, sensitive, fun, creative and active person.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Family is the essence of what makes me me. Without them, I'd be at a total loss.
 
Person 20
Who you are: I'm a 30 year old married man with a 2 year old daughter.
What you are like: I'm hard working, determined, goal oriented, relaxed and down to earth.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My ability to get along well with almost anyone is what makes me Me.
 
Person 21
Who you are: I am an untraditional college student who is employed full time.
What you are like: I am an agreeable person who doesn't like to be bothered with others.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am an introvert who is happy to pass the time by myself.
 
Person 22
Who you are: A courteous female
What you are like: Friendly and full of energy.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Family is making me to smile and be happy.
 
Person 23
Who you are: A 52 year old married woman
What you are like: Fun, outgoing, and social.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am always willing to lend a hand or give a listening ear.
 
Person 24
Who you are: I am a 25 year old American woman
What you are like: I am introverted but also very nice and like to learn a lot
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I try to make other people around me happy and try to make the world a better place to live in
 
Person 25
Who you are: I am a mom and a wife.
What you are like: I am pretty boring and quiet.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My love for my husband.
 
Person 26
Who you are: a 28 year old male
What you are like: intellegent and shy
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: i like to think about everything
 
Person 27
Who you are: an inquisitive person
What you are like: friendly and approachable
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: a desire to always learn new things
 
Person 28
Who you are: I am donald, I am a 25 year old married man, working full time as a social media manager.
What you are like: I am a friendly person, I like the outdoors, and going on adventures with my friends and family.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am warm hearted individual, I am very kind, I love everyone and try never to judge anyone, I put others before myself.
 
Person 29
Who you are: I'm an average guy. A father, husband, brother, employee and friend. I am much like any other guy.
What you are like: I'm pretty down to earth. I like to laugh and play video games but I can be serious when I need to be serious.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I think what makes me me is that I am very open-minded as a person. I believe in forming my own opinions rather than just taking things at face value. I like to learn and experience things rather than be told how things are.
 
Person 30
Who you are: I'm a man who loves his wife very much.
What you are like: I'm loyal, devoted and always trying to do best in order to support our family.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Faith and strong will to pursue my hopes and dreams makes me to push through the day.
 
Person 31
Who you are: I am a 43 old mother of two young boys under 7. I am am only child. I will be married for 9years in june.
What you are like: I am an honest person. I am very disorganized and tend to be a half full person. I am loyal.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I have been created by God and uniquely created . My life experiences have made me me.
 
Person 32
Who you are: I am a woman, a wife, a mother of 4.
What you are like: I am introverted, quiet, compassionate, impractical, prone to depression.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I love to write.
 
Person 33
Who you are: I'm a wife and mother of 5 children.
What you are like: I am introverted, honest and generous.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My Catholic faith is a big part of who I am and how I live my life.
 
Person 34
Who you are: im a strong independent person.
What you are like: im kind and warm hearted.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: my persoanility makes me who i am.
 
Person 35
Who you are: I'm a mom of 3 children.
What you are like: I am an outgoing, fun person who likes to go out and be social.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am sincere, honest, and a good friend.  I am caring to others, especially my close friends!
 
Person 36
Who you are: Someone who is calm, peaceful and stays relaxed under pressure.
What you are like: I am nice, kind and funny but usually quiet.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am caring, and I feel the need to help others.
 
Person 37
Who you are: I'm a loving and caring mom.
What you are like: Fun, original, happy
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Me
 
Person 38
Who you are: I am a teacher of ESL
What you are like: I love my husband and our dog, and want to be a mom, even though we are currently struggling with a miscarriage after 2 years of infertility treatments.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: Right now, humor and talking to my friends in my infertility support group, as well as hanging out and taking pictures of my dog and husband.
 
Person 39
Who you are: I'm a cat lover who's kind of weird, but smart and funny.
What you are like: I'm relaxed and love animals.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I have kind of a weird take on things.
 
Person 40
Who you are: i am a hard working smart female
What you are like: im funny yet clever and warm
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: love for animals and others makes me who i am
 
Person 41
Who you are: I'm just a nice guy trying to be loving to others and find his way in the world.
What you are like: I'm nerdy, intelligent, and funny.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I'm nobody special, but I do value my individuality and I love artistic expression.
 
Person 42
Who you are: I am a wife, mother, and college student.
What you are like: I am a loving, smart, fun, caring person . I love to sing, write, do crafts, art and whatever else I can do to help uplift others.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My personality and humor. But more importantly my big heart.
 
Person 43
Who you are: I am funny.
What you are like: I am easy going.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I have a great personality.
 
Person 44
Who you are: henry johnson
What you are like: stern,friendly,loving,strong of mind,family oriented,good worker,always looking forward within memories of the past
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: loving all the members of my faily,past and present
 
Person 45
Who you are: I am a daughter, sister, friend, and advocate
What you are like: I advocate for those who don't have a voice
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I care so deeply about children involved in the system and I will do almost anything to help them!
 
Person 46
Who you are: I am a mom, wife, educator, sister, and daughter.
What you are like: I'm an introverted extrovert. I love to be on stage and the center of attention, but I hate small talk.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: I am my own unique person who has never been known to follow a crowd.
 
Person 47
Who you are: I am a mother, friend, and wife
What you are like: I am active, adventurous, and hardwarling.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My values and principals.
 
Person 48
Who you are: I am a soul that currently has the role of wife, mother, daughter, sister, and friend.
What you are like: I'm an introspective, introverted individual who cherishes both family time and alone time.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: My quick wit, warm smile, and love of laughter make me who I am.
 
Person 49
Who you are: I am a working mom.
What you are like: I am calm, determined, and loving.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: The essence of what makes me is my compassion and caring.
 
Person 50
Who you are: I am a 27 year old special education teacher who lives in California.
What you are like: I am a sociable and very goofy young guy who likes to make everyone laugh.
What is the essence of what makes you YOU: The essence of what makes me myself is that I am always generally positive and like to spread a smile to all those around me!